---
title: "Credits"
bg: orange
color: black
fa-icon: far fa-globe
---


# Credits

## July Aerial Data

The July 2018 LiDAR data Collection over the Kīlauea Summit and the Lower East
Rift Zone was conducted by the US Army Cold Regions Research & Engineering Lab
(CRREL), The University of Houston and the USGS. Funding was provided by the
State of Hawaii and the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA). The system
utilized was an R44 helicopter based pod which uses a Riegl VQ580i full
waveform laser scanner. Total number of flights was XXX over  XX days.

## June 2018 Aerial Data

This data set was contracted by the USGS via Quantum Spatial, Inc., and
acquired by GEO1 and Windward Aviation.  [GEO1](https://www.geo1.com/) conducted the collection activity
using a Windward Aviation Hughes 500 helicopter with a dual LiDAR scanning
system that utilized two Riegl VUX-SYS scanners operated as one unit. The data
set was acquired through 11 lifts, and comprises 4 distinct AOIs.

## 2012 – 2013 CRREL Terrestrial Scans

The 2012 - 2013 terrestrial LiDAR data collection over Kilauea’s Halema’uma’u
Crater and Overlook lava lake was conducted by the US Army Cold Regions
Research & Engineering Lab (CRREL), the University of Northern Colorado and the
USGS Hawaiian Volcano Observatory (HVO). These data were collected using a
Riegl VZ-1000 full-waveform laser scanner. The researchers tracked the growth
of the Overlook lava lake crater over time and the lava lake surface activity
using multi-temporal surveys.


### 2009 NCALM Aerial LiDAR

NCALM
